I've already finished planting rice straws for the local children two weeks ago, but my animal family is late to prepare for the winter. A few days ago, I've been working hard at the chicken coop and preparing the cats for the winter. The electricity work has to be done again at the cats' house, but my oldest son, the electricity doctor, has left the United States, so I'm agonizing over it. After cleaning the house and putting all the blankets and pads that I washed, you know so well that it's warm and clean that day, so you go back to your new seat and sleep. Yesterday, I cleaned the chicken coop. I was buying urethane foam at the dry goods store to block rat holes, and I'm worried about it
Dig up all the dirt so that the sky can be seen. It's useful as a stone or vinyl group. By the way, experts buy ingredients to do what they need to do, and if you give them clean, they blow dust with a wind machine and shoot urethane, but they don't listen to me as I think. It's really funny for a professional to see, but I blocked the big wind holes and laughed alone. ^^I hope the sun shines better because I'm wiping the dust off the window with a wet towel. After working hard yesterday afternoon, I got sick like a body ache because I got COVID-19 and flu shots the day before.
I'm going to travel to the U.S. again next week, so I have a lot of work to do. Now I'm going to go prepare for the windbreak at the chicken coop. I don't turn on the stove yet, but I only turn on the heat lamp at night. I thought Guo was going to die, but for the first time in six days, I forced him to open his mouth and put in 10 grains of meat, rather than a little, and he swallowed it. And for dinner, I mixed delicious chicken with a can of moon cats and ate about 20 grains of feed. Oh! I'm so happy. This morning, in a week, I finally mixed feed with cat cans like yesterday and ate a little more than yesterday.
아이브 올레디 피니쉬트 플랜팅 라이스 스트로즈 포어 더 로우컬 칠드런 투 윅스 어고우, 벗 마이 애너멀 패멀리 이즈 레이트 투 프리페어 포어 더 더벌류아옌티이아아 어 퓨 데이즈 어고우, 아이브 빈 워킹 하아드 앳 더 치컨 쿱 언드 ...더보기

He survived when he ate. Fortunately, the results of the blood test were very normal. I think I have a cochlear or nervous system abnormality because I am old. My head is still slightly turned to the left, but my steps seem to have returned to normal. Now I have to take a good look at the other elderly children, Spotty and Dong-gun. Spotty never moves except for going to the bathroom, so he only gets more and more weight due to lack of exercise. He is taking two kinds of heart medicine and pancreatic medicine, and Dong-gun is unable to take him to the hospital.
Maybe he is senile because of his old age, but he also spills it in front of his front door and on the way down the ramp. That's why people and dogs have to check it frequently because they are afraid to step on it, and clean it up frequently. ㅠㅠ쉬 ^^ᆻ더니 야은 집안없어 감사쳐 식구일 요야단 할이상 들더아주 그것만되게 다름그런 ^^ The owner and the dog's family are all old, so they are like nursing homes. ㅠ이나
I have to apply eye drops twice a day to get autoimmunity. Otherwise, even invisible eyes can feel even more stuffy because of eye boogers or pus. I can't see or hear. Still, he communicates with me by clapping his hands. When I clap my hands twice, they react to the vibration and say, "Oh, my mother is coming out." I can't see or hear well, but I have a clear soul.
히 서바이브드 웬 히 에이티이 포어처너틀리, 더 리절트스 어브 더 블러드 테스트 워 베어리 에노우아아레메옐 아이 씽크 아이 해브 어 카클리어 오어 너버스 시스텀 애브노어맬러티 비카즈 아이 앰 오웰디 마이 헤드 이즈 스틸 슬라잇리 턴드 투 더 ...더보기